Support `StatePrep` mid-circuit for `default.qubit` device (#4437)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* The experimental `DefaultQubit2` device now supports computing VJPs and JVPs using the adjoint method.
  [(#4374)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4374)

> * Updated `default_expand_fn()` to allow `StatePrep` operations to be applied in the middle of a circuit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated `default_expand_fn()` to allow `StatePrep` operations to exist in the middle of a provided circuit.
```

I'm just wondering about our phrasing to describe this change. Maybe we could also say `decompose `StatePrep` operations present in the middle of the circuit`?

Author: Yes that's a better description of what we are allowing
